Start of game

Intro:
Little Timmy and Hugo the Bully
Little Timmy: I'm tired of playing "Hit Little Timmy in the face, can we play something else?"
Hugo the Bully: But that's my favorite game Little Stinky!
Little Timmy: How about battleship instead?
Hugo the Bully: HA! Battleship? You always lose, cause you're so stinky, and dumb, and stupid, and smell bad
Meanwhile dad sees Timmy is being bullied, swaps out battleship for Battleship (now with AI assist) sneakily
..and you your hair is bad, and you have BO, and you are terrible at games. But let's go ahead and play, Stinky!
Little Timmy: My name is not stinky, it's LITTLE TIMMY (zooms in on face), and you're going down!
Zooms into board.

Jammo: Jammo on and ready to help assist on battleship 
Little Timmy: Ok let me set up my pieces.
Jammo: Oh no... that's awful placement. He put all of his pieces in the middle??? Let me help him out

WASD to move, shift to sprint, press e to drag a ship to a different spot, press r to rotate
After moving two pieces
Hugo the Bully: Alright, I'm going first. D5!
Jammo: WAIT WE AREN'T DONE MOVING OUR PIECES! 
Jammo: I have to get that piece out of the way of his missile!

Little Timmy: Miss! HAHA!
Hugo the Bully: Alright stinky, you got lucky
Little Timmy: My turn, I'm gonna shoot here, A1!
Hugo the Bully: Miss you stupid idiot! E6 
Jammo: Here we go again!

Little Timmy: Uhhhh how about, A2!
Hugo: MISS! B2

Litle Timmy: A3
Jammo: Has he just picked A1-3? Little Timmy is not the best guesser :\
Hugo: Miss! 7D

Little Timmy: A4
Hugo: Miss! B3
Jammo: How his Hugo guessing the location correctly every time? HE'S PEEKING! Well two can play at that game.
press v to change view and click on a space to let Timmy know to shoot there
Jammo: Try B5 Little Timmy!
Little Timmy: I choose A-... wait what was that voice in my head?
Little Timmy: I guess.... B5?
Hugo: You freakin', stupid idiot, lucky, stinky, stink face.... hit.
Jammo: WHOOT!
Timmy: WHOOT!


Hugo: D8... and E6
Little Timmy: hey you can't fire two at once? 
Hugo: If this was real battleships you could!
Little Timy: Miss and miss

proceed with two guesses until you shoot one of his ships down.
Hugo: ... you sunk a ship
Little timmy: HOORAY!
Hugo: Don't get cocky you stupid smelly turd! I choose row E!
Jammo/Timmy: WHAT?

sometimes rows sometimes columns

after another ship sunk
row and value

after another ship sunk
row and column

Additional things: hugo slams fists having pieces fly in the air. 
hugo sends things to attack ships